1. Total revenue dropped massively in 2025
2. 2025 has 2015 rows
3. in 2025 only first two month had resigsteration, other months had only few registerations.
4. in 2025 only 6 courses where created while avg courses per year was 50 for previous years


5. Discounts were not hurting revenue
6. Basic Trend that can be observed is that enrollments peak in March to May and July to August and just after the peak they fall
7. I can be observed that in 2024 september enrollments dropped drastically to 40 and after that the pattern continued til 2025
8. exact trend can be spotted in enrollments and courses launched, which suggests that the platform did not launch courses itself which 
became the reason for decline in enrollments
9. but why did they not launch courses?
10. Programming and development category showed in major increase and demand and categoring to the need in 2024, 18 courses where 
launched, however in 2025 no courses
11. why so?


12. every student has conversion rate - time taken from first interation to buying first product
13. every student also has a Customer LifeSpan or Customer Saturation Point, which influences Customer
Lifetime value (LTV). can also be termed as Churn Rate or Churn Point.
14. How to calculate this churn point?

Customer Acuisition & Retention analysis:
1. New vs Repeat customer by purchase year
2. Are we dependent on  existing customers
(Now you have a much stronger business story:

"The business is becoming increasingly dependent on its existing customer base."

That's much more useful than simply saying "repeat customers increased.")
3. YoY New Customer Acquisiton Growth
4. Average actualisation time
But don't rely only on average. (visualize this as a funnel)

I'd strongly recommend:

Median actualisation time
Average actualisation time
% purchasing within 1 day
% purchasing within 7 days
% purchasing within 30 days
% purchasing after 30 days (This tells you:

Marketing may be generating more leads/signups, but the ability to convert those signups into paying customers is deteriorating.

That's a very valuable business insight.)

And the final business questions this page answers

You'd essentially be answering:

Acquisition

Are we bringing in enough new customers every year?

Retention

Are existing students coming back and contributing more?

Dependency

Is revenue/customer activity becoming overly dependent on our existing base?

Conversion

How many signups actually become paying customers?

Speed

How quickly do new signups become customers?

Trend

Is customer acquisition getting stronger or weaker over time?
--------------------------------------------------------